(upbeat music)
- [Instructor] This challenge will require you to set up
and configure a preview build of Java 14
for the H-Plus Sports API.
The preview build will be used to compile and build
the API on the latest version of Java.
While we may not anticipate running the software on Java 14,
it acts as a canary by alerting us to any upcoming issues
in our code base for new versions of Java.
This allows us to know what to expect as we migrate
an application to later Java versions.
And if time allows, we can address the issues ahead of time.
Here are a few tips to get you started.
To set up the preview build, you will need to install
Java 14 and add it as a new runtime within Eclipse.
Next, you will need to build a new Maven profile
and run configuration for the build.
Once you've created the run configuration,
go ahead and execute the build.
However, be ready for a few issues to be identified.
If you're up for a bonus challenge, try setting up
the new preview build to run on Jenkins
as part of our continuous integration processes.
This challenge should take you about 15 minutes to complete.
In the next video, I'll show you how I solved the challenge.
Best of luck.